hey it's Kat Von D and I just want to
take a little moment and show you how I
do my everyday liquid eyeliner
so one of my favorite tools for creating
you know a really crisp clean eyeliner
is the tattoo liner I use it in the
color trooper which is this really
beautiful black and I think the
important part really is just to find
the right angle that looks best for your
eye and for me I've noticed if I just
follow my bottom lid in the direction
that it's going it's kind of like the
natural guide so check it out starting
by just doing one little line that to
give me a guide I can just build on that
usually I like to start the top from
like right where my pupil is and then
expand that out and make it thicker once
I apply both sides I usually like to
make sure they're even and sometimes you
know once that'll be thicker than the
other and you can totally layer this
eyeliner and just add a little bit more
width just to make sure it's even yeah
once it's even I mean that's pretty much
it sometimes I like to get more dramatic
and really bring the eyeliner all the
way to this corner and sticking it out
but for the most part my everyday look
this is it so I hope you enjoyed
watching this hopefully it'll help you
be able to do it in your way and I can't
wait to see what you come up with
you